well good evening everybody welcome to
the st. Louis Philharmonic pops thank
you
we have a beautiful full house this
evening a perfect evening for a concert
and we have a fabulous guest artist so
please let's welcome channel humorist
Waylon Picard
all the way back wait a minute I you
know I'm sorry to interrupt so soon
please forgive me it's just that they
told me backstage to use the baby grand
and
well as long as he'll to let me use that
going up grand I'm just gonna leave the
lid up if that's all the same yeah I
always leave the lid up at home drives
my wife crazy is it is it dinner to
nothing that's all right with you can
you folks give me an A I concern a do
you mind thank you but he's a comedian
lyst Rose fantastic he's he's the next
generation Victor border victor is no
longer with us so whelan's taken his
place and he's doing a fantastic job
within the world's most popular piano
classic ever written that's true and it
was originally written for this
instrument oh yeah those are for people
who only play a little piano
plan for achieving recognizes
remember that thank you might've played
as a kid
ring
wait oh I think I broke my g street
better I better have a look under the
hood here yeah it's the g string all
right Wow
you guys should kind of liven up that
cello
he's a wonderful musician as well as a
very funny entertainer we've really been
enjoying it now these humor
you
I love the show it's excellent it's well
it's funny but I love the music and I
like the way he's made variations on the
classical music very entertaining fellow